doc: creating the spec for inspect command (#490)
notaryproject/notation: specs/commandline/inspect.md

# notation inspect

## Description

> Use `notation inspect` command to inspect or describe all the signatures associated to a signed artifact (image) in a human readable format.

Reviewer: Need to add an entry for `notation inspect` spec in this document https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/blob/main/specs/notation-cli.md

> Use `notation inspect` command to inspect or describe all the signatures associated to a signed artifact (image) in a human readable format.

Author: Fixed

Upon successful execution,the digest of the signed artifact and details of all the signatures associated with artifact and its respective certificate properties are displayed as following:

```shell
<registry>/<repository>@<digest>
└── application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>

>     ├──<Protected Attributes...>

Reviewer 2: It seems the term "Protected Attributes" of signature only exists in [RFC - COSE](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc9338.html#section-3). I vote for "Signed Attributes" and keep consistent with the Signature Spec.

    ├──<UnProtected Attributes...>

>     ├──<Cert Properties...>

Reviewer 3: I would just call it certificates
```suggestion
    ├──<certificates>
```

  └──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
   ├──<Protected Attributes...>
   ├──<UnProtected Attributes...>
   ├──<Cert Properties...>
```

## Outline

```text
Inspect artifacts and display the details of the signatures for all the listed signatures and its associated certificate properties.

Usage:
    notation inspect [flags] <reference>

Aliases:
    inspect

Flags:
   -h, --help for describing the signature
   -p, --password string password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
    --plain-http registry access via plain HTTP
   -u, --username string username for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_USERNAME if not specified)
   -o, --output on command line sets the output to json
```

## Usage

> ### Display the details of all the listed signatures and its associated certificate properties of the signed container image

Reviewer 3: certificate is on of the detail/property of the signature

```text
notation inspect <registry>/<repository>@<digest>
```

An example output:

$ notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
An example output:

```shell
localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
└── application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
    ├── sha256:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
      ├──"Protected Attributes":

>       {

Reviewer 3: I would say instead of json use the indentation/format we are using for other commands

# notation inspect

## Description

Use `notation inspect` command to inspect all the signatures associated with signed artifact in a human readable format.

Upon successful execution, both the digest of the signed artifact and the digests of signatures manifest along with their properties associated with signed artifact are printed in the following format:

```shell
<registry>/<repository>@<digest>
├── application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
    ├──<signed attributes>
    ├──<user-defined attributes>

>     ├──<unsigned Attributes>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    ├──<unsigned attributes>
```

    ├──<certificates>
    ├──<payload>
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
    ├──<signed attributes>
    ├──<unsigned attributes>
    ├──<certificates>
    ├──<payload>
```

## Outline

```text
Inspect all signatures with the signed artifact.

Usage:
    notation inspect [flags] <reference>

>     notation inspect <registry>/<repository>:<tag>

Reviewer: Do we need two lines of usage?

Flags:
   -h, --help for describing the signature
   -o, --output on command line sets the output to json
   -p, --password string password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
       --plain-http registry access via plain HTTP
   -u, --username string username for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_USERNAME if not specified)
```

## Usage

### Display the details of all the listed signatures and its associated certificate properties of the signed container image

```text

> notation inspect <registry>/<repository>@<digest> [flags] <reference>

Reviewer: Remove `<reference>` at the end since there is already `<registry>/<repository>@<digest>`. It's better to put `[flags]` before. An example:
```text
notation inspect [flags] <registry>/<repository>@<digest>
```

```

## Inspect signatures on the supplied OCI artifact identified by the digest

$ notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9

An example output:
```shell
localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
├──application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
    ├── sha256:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
      ├──signed attributes:
            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json

>             ├──signingScheme: notary.default.x509

Reviewer 2: Should we add a new attribute [Signature Algorithm](https://github.com/notaryproject/notaryproject/blob/main/specs/signature-specification.md#signature-algorithm-requirements) here?

            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z

>             ├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes used by Notary v2 to support plugins

Reviewer 2: Should we add a new attribute `signer` here? Users might want to figure out who (e.g. which Linux user) signed this image associated with this signature.

      ├──user-defined attributes:

>             ├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123    //Notary v2 payload annotations is shown here has user defined metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            ├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123    //user-defined payload annotations
```

      ├──unsigned attributes:
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>    //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0    //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature

>       ├──certificates:

Reviewer 2: Should we add attributes for the signing key and certificate here?

            ├──authenticSigningTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes used by Notary v2 to support plugins.
      ├──unsigned attributes:
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>      //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0     //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature.
      ├──certificates:
            ├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
      ├──payload: //descriptor of the target artifact manifest that is being signed.
            ├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
            ├──digest: sha256:73c803930ea3ba1e54bc25c2bdc53edd0284c62ed651fe7b00369da519a3c333
            ├──size: 16724
```
## Inspect signatures on the supplied OCI artifact with an example of JSON Output

$ notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9 -o json

An example output:
```jsonc
{

>     "signatures":  [

Reviewer: missing the digest property for the signed artifact

>         {

Reviewer: missing digest property for each signature

# notation inspect

## Description

Use `notation inspect` command to inspect all the signatures associated with signed artifact in a human readable format.

> `Tags` are mutable, but `Digests` uniquely and immutably identify an artifact. If a tag is used to identify a signed artifact, notation resolves the tag to the `digest` first.

Reviewer 3: These line doesnt follows the 1st line(we need to uplevel language).

> Upon successful execution, both the digest of the signed artifact and the digests of signatures manifest along with their properties associated with signed artifact are printed in the following format:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Upon successful execution, details of all the signatures associated with signed artifact are printed in the following format:
```

```shell
<registry>/<repository>@<digest>
├── application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
    ├──<signed attributes>
    ├──<user-defined attributes>
    ├──<unsigned Attributes>
    ├──<certificates>

>     ├──<payload>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    └──<payload>
```
Similar changes for other outputs

  └──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
   ├──<signed attributes>
   ├──<unsigned attributes>
   ├──<certificates>

>    ├──<payload>

Reviewer 3: Indentation is off

```

## Outline

```text

> Inspect all signatures with the signed artifact.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Inspect all signatures assocaited with the signed artifact.
```

Usage:
    notation inspect [flags] <reference>
    notation inspect <registry>/<repository>:<tag>

Flags:
   -h, --help for describing the signature
   -o, --output on command line sets the output to json
   -p, --password string password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
       --plain-http registry access via plain HTTP
   -u, --username string username for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_USERNAME if not specified)
```

## Usage

### Display the details of all the listed signatures and its associated certificate properties of the signed container image

```text

> notation inspect <registry>/<repository>@<digest> [flags] <reference>

Reviewer 3: add example with tag

      
    ├── sha256:bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
      ├──signed attributes:
      		├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
        	├──signingScheme: notary.signingAuthority.x509
        	├──authenticSigningTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes used by Notary v2 to support plugins.
      ├──unsigned attributes:
      		├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>      //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.
        	├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0     //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature.
      ├──certificates:
      		├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
      ├──payload: //descriptor of the target artifact manifest that is being signed.
      		├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
        	├──digest: sha256:73c803930ea3ba1e54bc25c2bdc53edd0284c62ed651fe7b00369da519a3c333
        	├──size: 16724
```

## Usage signatures on an OCI artifact identified by a tag

> A tag is resolved to a digest first before inspect.

Reviewer 3: Its done as part of inspec command

```shell

> # Prerequisites: Signatures are stored in a registry referencing the signed OCI artifact

Reviewer 3: please use similar format for all the examples.

notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor:v1
```
An example output:
Resolved artifact tag `v1` to digest `sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9` before inspect.
Warning: The resolved digest may not point to the same signed artifact, since tags are mutable.

```shell
localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
├──application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
    ├── sha256:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

>       ├──signed attributes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      ├──signed attributes
```

>     		├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json

Reviewer 3: Indentation is off

        	├──signingScheme: notary.default.x509
        	├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes used by Notary v2 to support plugins

>       ├──user-defined attributes:

Reviewer 3: Applies to all attributes
```suggestion
      ├──user-defined attributes
```

      		├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123    //Notary v2 payload annotations is shown here has user defined metadata.
      ├──unsigned attributes:
      		├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>    //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.
        	├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0    //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature
      ├──certificates:
      		├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1cc5b8455381cdefac83b4bd305b789cc9c16e

>      	├──payload: //descriptor of the target artifact manifest that is being signed.

Reviewer 3: Please check indentation for all the outputs.

 		      ├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
        	├──digest: sha256:73c803930ea3ba1e54bc25c2bdc53edd0284c62ed651fe7b00369da519a3c333
        	├──size: 16724
      
    ├── sha256:bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
      ├──signed attributes:
      		├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
        	├──signingScheme: notary.signingAuthority.x509
        	├──authenticSigningTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
        	├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes used by Notary v2 to support plugins.
      ├──unsigned attributes:

>       		├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>      //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.

Reviewer 3: Please remove comments since they not part of output.
`//how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented in this header.`

        	├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0     //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature.
      ├──certificates:
      		├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
      ├──payload: //descriptor of the target artifact manifest that is being signed.
      		├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
        	├──digest: sha256:73c803930ea3ba1e54bc25c2bdc53edd0284c62ed651fe7b00369da519a3c333
        	├──size: 16724
```
## Inspect signatures on the supplied OCI artifact with an example of JSON Output

$ notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9 -o json

An example output:

> ```shell

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```jsonc
```

{
    "Signatures":  [
        {

>             "signed attributes":  {

Reviewer 3: please use cameCase of constant keys like `signatures`, `signedAttributes`, etc

# notation inspect

## Description

Use `notation inspect` command to inspect all the signatures associated with signed artifact in a human readable format.

Upon successful execution, both the digest of the signed artifact and the digests of signatures manifest along with their properties associated with the signed artifact are printed in the following format:

```shell
<registry>/<repository>@<digest>
└──application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
    ├──<signing algorithm>
    ├──<signed attributes>
    ├──<user-defined attributes>
    ├──<unsigned attributes>
    ├──<certificates>
    └──<payload>
  ├──<digest_of_signature_manifest>
    ├──<signing algorithm>
    ├──<signed attributes>
    ├──<unsigned attributes>
    ├──<certificates>
    └──<payload>
```

## Outline

```text
Inspect all signatures with the signed artifact.

Usage:
    notation inspect [flags] <reference>
  
Flags:
   -h, --help for describing the signature

>    -o, --output on command line sets the output to json

Reviewer: Since we need to add this kind of `output` flag for other notation cli commands, and it is on the user interface, it's better we can align what is the best solution for our users. Here are 3 options so far:

1. `-o, --output json`
2. `--display {tree, json) by default tree
3. --json (an example in https://clig.dev/#output)

Any other options, Let's vote?

   -p, --password string password for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_PASSWORD if not specified)
       --plain-http registry access via plain HTTP
   -u, --username string username for registry operations (default to $NOTATION_USERNAME if not specified)
```

## Usage

### Display the details of all the listed signatures and its associated certificate properties of the signed container image

```text
notation inspect [flags] <registry>/<repository>@<digest>
```

## Inspect signatures on the supplied OCI artifact identified by the digest

```shell
# Prerequisites: Signatures are stored in a registry referencing the signed OCI artifact
notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
```

An example output:
```shell
localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
└──application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
    ├── sha256:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
      ├──signing algorithm: RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256

>       ├──signed attributes:

Reviewer 4: Since it is a tree view, we probably do not need the suffix `:`.

Reviewer 4: Same applies to other tree nodes.

            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
            ├──signingScheme: notary.default.x509
            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──verification plugin: com.example.nv2plugin                   //extended attributes to support plugins

>       ├──user-defined attributes:

Reviewer 4: Are the user-defined attributes signed or not?

Consider `system-defined` attributes and `user-defined` attributes.

            ├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123                              //user defined payload annotations.
      ├──unsigned attributes:
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>  //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented.
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0                  //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature
      ├──certificates:
            ├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1cc5b8455381cdefac83b4bd305b789cc9c16e
            ├──Issued to: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010

>             ├──Issued by: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010

Reviewer 4: Should this sub tree print a cert chain instead of a single cert?

>             ├──Issued by: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010

Reviewer 4: Valid time range is also an important field.

>       ├──payload:                                                           //descriptor of the target artifact manifest that is signed.

Reviewer 4: Instead of `payload`, should it be called `subject` or `target artifact`?

            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0   
      ├──certificates:
            ├──SHA1 fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
            ├──Issued to: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──Issued by: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
      ├──payload: 
            ├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
            ├──digest: sha256:ca5427b5567d3e06a72e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2eaab9
            └──size: 16724
```
## Inspect signatures on the supplied OCI artifact with an example of JSON Output

```shell
notation inspect localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9 -o json
```

An example output:
```jsonc
{
  "signatures": [
    {
      "digest": "sha256:73c803930ea3ba1e54bc25c2bdc53edd0284c62ed651fe7b00369da519a3c333",
      "signingAlgorithm": "RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256",
      "signedAttributes": {
        "contentType": "application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json",
        "signingScheme": "notary.default.x509",
        "signingTime": "2022-04-06T07:01:20Z",
        "expiry": "2022-10-06T07:01:20Z",

>         "verification plugin": "com.example.nv2plugin"

Reviewer 4: Should it be `verificationPlugin`?

Reviewer 4: field names should be consistent across the json view.

      ├──signingAlgorithm: RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256
      ├──signedAttributes
            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
            ├──signingScheme: notary.default.x509
            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──io.cncf.notary.verificationPlugin: com.example.nv2plugin     //extended attributes to support plugins
      ├──userDefinedAttributes
            ├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123                              //user defined payload annotations.
      ├──unsignedAttributes
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>  //how TSA response (time stamp token) is represented.
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0                  //provides the identifier of a client (e.g. Notation) that produced the signature
      ├──certificates
            ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 2f1cc5b8455381cdefac83b4bd305b789cc9c16e
            ├──issuedTo: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──issuedBy: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──expires:   Sat Jun 23 22:04:01 2035

>               ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 8BFE3107712B3C886B1C96AAEC89984914DC9B6B

Reviewer: The indentation is off.

            ├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
            ├──digest: sha256:b94d27b9934d3e08a52e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2efcde9
            └──size: 16724
      
    ├── sha256:bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
      ├──signingAlgorithm: RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256
      ├──signedAttributes
            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
            ├──signingScheme: notary.signingAuthority.x509
            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──io.cncf.notary.verificationPlugin: com.example.nv2plugin                  
      ├──unsignedAttributes
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0                  
      ├──certificates
            ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
            ├──issuedTo: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──issuedBy: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──expires:   Sat Jun 23 22:04:01 2035

>               ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 8BFE3107712B3C886B1C96AAEC89984914DC9B6B

Reviewer: The indentation is off.

```

```shell
localhost:5000/net-monitor@sha256:ca5427b5567d3e06a72e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2eaab9
└──application/vnd.cncf.notary.signature
    ├── sha256:aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
      ├──signingAlgorithm: RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256
      ├──signedAttributes
            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
            ├──signingScheme: notary.default.x509
            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──io.cncf.notary.verificationPlugin: com.example.nv2plugin
      ├──userDefinedAttributes
            ├──io.wabbit-networks.buildId: 123
      ├──unsignedAttributes
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)>
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0
      ├──certificates
            ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 2f1cc5b8455381cdefac83b4bd305b789cc9c16e
            ├──issuedTo: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──issuedBy: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──expires:   Sat Jun 23 22:04:01 2035

>               ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 8BFE3107712B3C886B1C96AAEC89984914DC9B6B

Reviewer: The indentation is off.

              ├──expires:   Sun Jul 06 20:50:17 2025
      └──payload 
            ├──mediaType: application/vnd.oci.image.manifest.v1+json
            ├──digest: sha256:ca5427b5567d3e06a72e52d7da7dabfac484efe37a5380ee9088f7ace2eaab9
            └──size: 16724
      
    ├── sha256:bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
      ├──signingAlgorithm: RSASSA-PSS-SHA-256
      ├──signedAttributes
            ├──contentType: application/vnd.cncf.notary.payload.v1+json
            ├──signingScheme: notary.signingAuthority.x509
            ├──signingTime: 2022-04-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──expiry: 2022-10-06T07:01:20Z
            ├──io.cncf.notary.verificationPlugin: com.example.nv2plugin     
      ├──unsignedAttributes
            ├──io.cncf.notary.timestampSignature: <Base64(TimeStampToken)> 
            ├──io.cncf.notary.signingAgent: notation/1.0.0   
      ├──certificates
            ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 2f1rr5b8455381frdajc83b4bd305b743cc9513u
            ├──issuedTo: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──issuedBy: Microsoft Root Certificate Authority 2010
            ├──expires:   Sat Jun 23 22:04:01 2035

>               ├──SHA1Fingerprint: 8BFE3107712B3C886B1C96AAEC89984914DC9B6B

Reviewer: The indentation is off.
